Think about it, what happened? I want to say, I want to kill me.
It's that building that's sent back but light.
I want to say, don’t die,
Adjust the small machine to half a door to make the cycle dead.
How did you find out?
Slender man, who is your disciple?
Let me guess, in Yangcheng, there is someone who can imitate a woman’s subtle smile.
You have the power of a different god and can reach people with thousands of faces.
No wonder it can kill the trapped theory and mention it,
Somewhat capable.
That's right, that's exactly what the Tao means.
But I originally wanted you to die in this gentle Hong Kong,
But you didn’t last long, don’t blame me,
The perfect way to become a mouth snake
Zinai is the soul
Obediently hand over the foreign treasures
The doorways can also be used differently.
You must die today
Just let me continue rummaging
We dare to resist the person who sent the young lady
Now obediently hand over the foreign treasures
This is your only chance for national destiny
Are you serious about what you say?
Gods and Taoism transform into gods